welcome back to movietella
this time i'm gonna treat you to a 2006
dystopian science fiction comedy film
called idiocracy
in 2005 u.s army librarian corporal joe
bowers is selected for a suspended
animation experiment as the most average
individual in the entire armed forces
lacking a suitable female candidate the
military hires a prostitute named rita
by bribing her pimp upgrade
when the officer in charge is arrested
for running his own prostitution ring
under upgrade's tutelage the experiment
is forgotten
over the next five centuries societal
expectations lead the most intelligent
humans to choose not to have children
while the least intelligent reproduce
indiscriminately creating increasingly
dumber generations
in
2505 joe and rita's suspension chambers
are unearthed by the collapse of a
mountain-sized garbage pile joe's
chamber crashes into the apartment of
frito-pendiho
wandering around what was once
washington dc joe finds a population
that has become profoundly
anti-intellectual speaking only low
registers of english and wallowing in
over-consumption and crass popular
entertainment
technology is advanced but often
malfunctioning driven by garish
commercialism
believing he is hallucinating after a
year of hibernation joe enters a
hospital and realizes the truth
arrested for not having a barcode tattoo
to pay for his doctor's appointment he
is sent to prison after being assigned
the grossly incompetent pendiho as his
lawyer
rita also leaves her chamber resuming
work as a prostitute but soon realizes
that people have become so stupid that
she can charge customers money without
actual services
joe is renamed not sure by a faulty
speech recognition tattooing machine and
takes a rudimentary iq test then tricks
a guard by claiming that he is meant to
be released and simply runs out the door
successfully escaping prison in one
piece
he finds frido who reveals that a time
machine exists to return him to 2005 and
joe bribes him with promises of riches
through compound interest on a bank
account he will open for fredo in the
21st century
leading joe and rita to the time machine
frito takes them into a gigantic costco
store where joe is identified by a
tattoo scanner and apprehended
taken to the white house joe is
appointed secretary of the interior as
the iq test identifies him as the most
intelligent person alive
president camacho introduces joe to the
cabinet and gives him the impossible job
of fixing the nationwide food shortages
dust bowls and crippled economy within a
week
joe discovers that the nation's crops
are irrigated with brondo a thirst
mutilator whose parent corporation owns
the fda fcc and usda
when joe has the irrigation system
replaced with water brondo's stock drops
to zero and half of the population lose
their jobs causing mass riots
joe is sentenced to die in a monster
truck demolition derby featuring
undefeated rehabilitation officer beef
supreme
however beef's oversized vehicle is
crushed trying to enter the arena and
joe manages to defeat the other vehicles
rita and frito discover that joe's
reintroduction of water to the soil has
allowed vegetation to grow
showing the sprouting crops on the
stadium's jumbotron prompts camacho's
presidential pardon
joe and rita decide to stay in the
future although later they discover they
had no choice as the time machine frido
mentioned is merely a childishly
inaccurate history-themed amusement ride
following camacho's term joe is elected
president and marries rita
they conceived the world's three
smartest children while new vice
president fredo takes eight wives and
fathers 32 of the world's stupidest
children
in a post-credit scene upgrade awakens
from a suspension chamber setting off in
search of rita
if you enjoyed this video help me grow
my channel by subscribing